Your condition has improved.
Indeed, I feel like I can breathe well
I feel like I can stand up too
Dad, your illness is really cured.
The soreness and coldness all over my body are much better
Little friend, get rid of this evil spirit
Is my disease cured?
Take a few more days and a few weeks off naturally
This can be used as decoration.
It's this little thing
Almost killed the old man
Who wants this stuff?
Then you can dispose of this thing for me.
Mr. Guo congratulates on his recovery
I don't know if Du Yuanhua can be used as compensation now
For Mr. Shen
Of course.
Du Yuanhua's wife kept it to save her life
Now the problem is solved.
It's useless to keep Du Yuanhua
But it is placed in the group
I'll take it out myself tomorrow and give it to Mr.
Thank you, so I'll say goodbye first
Wait a minute, some small ones have extraordinary strength.
Just offended
Please also have Haihan
If you need anything in the future
Just tell me.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Farewell to Mr. Guo
Dad, why were you so polite to him just now?
This person
Not easy
He solved the disease that could not be diagnosed in a few minutes
And his hanging technique is even more superb
If we offend this person
How will the officials and neutral groups die in the future?
We won't know